.TH XScreenSaver 1 "" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
album - displaying images like in a photo album
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B album
[\-display \fIhost:display.screen\fP]
[\-visual \fIvisual\fP]
[\-window]
[\-root]
[\-duration \fIseconds\fP]
[\-titles]
[\-debug]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Loads a random sequence of images and displays them as if they 
were in a photo album.

This program requires a good video card capable of supporting large
textures.

To specify the directory that images are loaded from, run
.BR xscreensaver-demo (1)
and click on the "Advanced" tab.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 8
.B \-visual \fIvisual\fP
Specify which visual to use.  Legal values are the name of a visual class,
or the id number (decimal or hex) of a specific visual.
.TP 8
.B \-window
Draw on a newly-created window.  This is the default.
.TP 8
.B \-root
Draw on the root window.
.TP 8
.B \-duration \fIseconds\fP
How long each set of images will be displayed before loading a new one.
Default 15 seconds.
.TP 8
.B \-titles
Whether to print the file name of the current images.
.TP 8
.B \-debug
Prints debugging info to stderr.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
.TP 8
.B DISPLAY
to get the default host and display number.
.TP 8
.B XENVIRONMENT
to get the name of a resource file that overrides the global resources
stored in the RESOURCE_MANAGER property.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR X (1),
.BR xscreensaver-demo (1),
.BR xscreensaver-getimage (1),
.BR xscreensaver (1),
.BR carousel (MANSUFFIX)
.BR photopile (MANSUFFIX)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 by Christian Gallioz, based on an earlier version
of glslideshow that was
Copyright \(co 2002 by Mike Oliphant and 
Copyright \(co 2003-2005 by Jamie Zawinski.

Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and
its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation.  No representations are made about the
suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is"
without express or implied warranty.
.SH AUTHOR
Christian Gallioz and Jamie Zawinski.
