.TH XScreenSaver 1 "" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
treadmill - displaying moving images
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B treadmill
[\-display \fIhost:display.screen\fP]
[\-visual \fIvisual\fP]
[\-window]
[\-root]
[\-cover_time \fIseconds\fP]
[\-amplitude \fIpercentage\fP]
[\-img_count \fInumber\fP]
[\-stretch_min \fIpercentage\fP]
[\-stretch_max \fIpercentage\fP]
[\-directions \fInumber\fP]
[\-change_dir \fIseconds\fP]
[\-line_width \fIpixels\fP]
[\-fps]
[\-titles]
[\-debug]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Loads a random sequence of images and moves them on the screen. The way the images
move depends on the parameters. 

This program requires a good video card capable of supporting large
textures.

To specify the directory that images are loaded from, run
.BR xscreensaver-demo (1)
and click on the "Advanced" tab.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 8
.B \-visual \fIvisual\fP
Specify which visual to use.  Legal values are the name of a visual class,
or the id number (decimal or hex) of a specific visual.
.TP 8
.B \-window
Draw on a newly-created window.  This is the default.
.TP 8
.B \-root
Draw on the root window.
.TP 8
.B \-cover_time \fIseconds\fP
How long an image will take to go through the screen. This is a reference time : some images will be faster, some other ones will be slower. 
Default 35 seconds.
.TP 8
.B \-amplitude \fIpercentage\fP
The speed difference between the slowest and the fastest images.
Default 75%.
.TP 8
.B \-img_count \fInumber\fP
The count of images that can be displayed simultaneously on the screen.
Default 12 images.
.TP 8
.B \-stretch_min \fIpercentage\fP
The stretch of the smallest images. The stretch is given as a percentage of the screen size.
Default 15% of screen size.
.TP 8
.B \-stretch_max \fIpercentage\fP
The stretch of the biggest images. The stretch is given as a percentage of the screen size.
Default 50% of screen size.
.TP 8
.B \-directions \fInumber\fP
The directions the images can move to : 
.IP "" 10 
1 : Left to right. The \-change_dir option is ignored.
.IP "" 10 
2 : Right to left. The \-change_dir option is ignored.
.IP "" 10 
3 : Top to bottom. The \-change_dir option is ignored.
.IP "" 10 
4 : Bottom to top. The \-change_dir option is ignored.
.IP "" 10 
5 : All the images go to the same direction, either vertically or horizontally. This global direction may change according to the \-change_dir option.
.IP "" 10 
6 : Each image has its own direction, either vertically or horizontally. This image direction may change according to the \-change_dir option. This is the default.
.IP "" 10 
7 : Each image has its own direction which is not limited to horizontally or vertically. Every angle is allowed. This image direction may change according to the \-change_dir option.
.IP "" 10 
8 : Alternate the previous modes [5 to 7] according to the \-change_dir option.
.TP 8
.B \-change_dir \fIseconds\fP
Change the images direction every this-many seconds.
Default 60 seconds
.TP 8
.B \-line_width \fIpixels\fP
The width (in pixels) of the line around the images. A negative value means a random value between 0 and the specified number of pixels for each image.
Default 1 pixel.
.TP 8
.B \-titles
Display the file name of the current images.
.TP 8
.B \-fps
Display the current frame rate and CPU load.
.TP 8
.B \-debug
Prints debugging info to stderr. if not specified by \-debug_level option, the default debug level is 1.
.TP 8
.B \-debug_level \fIlevel\fP
The level may be between 1 (not verbose) and 3 (very verbose). 
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
.TP 8
.B DISPLAY
to get the default host and display number.
.TP 8
.B XENVIRONMENT
to get the name of a resource file that overrides the global resources
stored in the RESOURCE_MANAGER property.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR X (1),
.BR xscreensaver-demo (1),
.BR xscreensaver-getimage (1),
.BR xscreensaver (1),
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 by Christian Gallioz, based on an earlier version
of glslideshow that was
Copyright \(co 2002 by Mike Oliphant and 
Copyright \(co 2003-2005 by Jamie Zawinski.

Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and
its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation.  No representations are made about the
suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is"
without express or implied warranty.
.SH AUTHOR
Christian Gallioz.
